Your Highness, the imperial decree came from His Majesty's side
Let you go quickly
It seems to know that Qin Wei was killed by you
Oh, I see.
Hmm, needless to say
It must be that Imperial Concubine Su who went to complain to the old emperor again
Father
Goddamn thing
His Royal Highness
No matter how dissatisfied you are with the prince
You can't kill Concubine Qin in front of a hundred officials
Then ask Princess Su to surrender
The prince indulged his only son in corruptive practices
Disrupt the imperial examination
No literary talent but to seize the top spot
How to deal with it
The emperor's concubine is only for the sake of Great Xia
The worried prince rebelled over the loss of his only son
Boil a cup of strong green tea
Father emperor and children are also for the sake of Daxia
Since the son-in-law Suxing imperial examination
Real learning has been able to enter the house
Think of the people
The prince is full of economy
Look at the adults
But this was rushed.
And I don't understand
Qin Zhan followed me to lay down the country
Highly prestigious in the military
You killed his only son now
He will definitely give birth to the heart of a mother and daughter
Well, go and apologize to your uncle right now
Qin Xiu apologized to the villain
Impossible in this lifetime